2012-03-16
The group is formed and we decide to have a meeting on Monday.

2012-03-19
Our first meeting is a success. We decide on three projects: NLP1, L1
and S1. There are two ideas for what game to use with S1, but after
some deliberation (and a coin flip) we choose Chinese Checkers.
We have a meeting with a supervisor tomorrow.

2012-03-20
We meet with a supervisor and ask him about our project ideas. There
do not appear to be any problems with them. We receive some useful
information and decide on how to divide the work for the rest of the
week. Emil will research movie recommendation systems, Rodolphe takes
care the dialogue system (looking into Grammatical Framework and other
options). Göran and Salvo search for literature on Chinese Checkers.

2012-03-21
Göran writes a draft of the pre-proposal for the Chinese Checkers
project.

2012-03-22
Created the add_entry script

2012-03-22
We all meet to work on the pre-proposal. Salvo and Rodolphe have been
trying to get cheech to compile and also tried to find alternatives to
cheech. Salvo tells us about an old Master's thesis on the subject of
Chinese Checkers and we learn a few things from that. The pre-proposal
is almost finished.

2012-03-23
Our last meeting before the pre-proposal deadline. Emil announces that
he's started working on a Chinese Checkers server written in Erlang.
The state of freely available Chinese Checkers programs is pretty
deplorable, so having our own game server may turn out to be a good
idea. Emil has filled in the few missing parts of the pre-proposal.
Only some small problems remain, which we fix before submitting.

2012-03-25
Rodolphe begins to write the survey about the dialog system (NLP) and
is also looking for additional references.

2012-03-27
We have a meeting with our supervisor, Birgit. In section 1.2 we write
that "it is not clear how well [the algorithms] play against humans."
We talk about having bots play against ourselves, against themselves
and against existing bots.

We should start by playing a two-player game and then extend it to
three players, etc. It's a good idea to get it working for two
players, in order to have something solid on which to improve. Then we
can move on to the more difficult things.

We show Birgit the diary. It gets a positive reaction. Rodolphe notes
that the git changelog is complementary to the diary.

Emil asks for advice on how to divide the work. We can work on
different tasks; not everyone has to work on the surveys, and not
everyone has to work on the proposal, etc. But we must of course all
know what it is we are putting our names on. We must know the
material.

We need to read more in the literature. Göran asks about literature on
games that might be similar. It seems difficult to find similar games.
But the strategies used to play other games will likely work out here
as well: alpha-beta, minmax, etc. For some games of chance people have
used Markov chains and randomized Markov models. The most common is a
tree search combined with heuristics. We'll need some sort of board
state evaluation function. The thesis we're going to reference writes
about these. We could try to form "strategies" and try to device a
plan to take us to some nice board state. We could try to emulate what
we think humans do.

Göran asks how the pre-proposal needs to be improved in order to make
it a proposal. First of all we need to find more literature and write
about it (or convince Birgit that there is no more literature to be
found). The sections in chapter 2 need to be longer and we need more
details about the central idea of our solution. The pseudo code must
be more specific to our own problem. We should be more precise about
first playing a two-player game and then playing against more players
and against other programs. One or two additional pages are needed.

The surveys should focus on some particular problem, not on the whole
field. In our case that would be the movie recommendation system and
the helpdesk dialog system. We don't have to write pseudo code or
write about how we would solve the problem. We might describe the
methods that are normally used to solve it.

After our meeting with Birgit we have a short informal meeting. Emil
shows us a network protocol he's been working on and we give him some
feedback on how to improve it. Salvo has been working on a GUI. Göran
will start on the proposal and Rodolphe will be working on the NLP
survey. Our next meeting is tomorrow.
